Blobs have five states:
	Idle:
		If hunger, thirst and rest are above certain level. Either stay still or move randomly.
	Hungry:
		If hunger is below certain level. Search for food, if food is in sight, go to it and eat it, if not, move randomly and look again.
	Thirsty:
		If thirst is below certain level. Search for water, if water is in sight, go to it and drink it, if not, move randomly and look again.
	Tired:
		If hunger and thirst is above certain level and rest is below certain level, sleep. If hungry or thirsty and tired, decrease speed by amount of tiredness under acceptable level.
	Suitable For Mating:
		See Below

Stats:
	Speed - Decreased when tired or hungry, higher base speed = get hungry, thirsty and tired faster.
	Sight - How far it can see for food.
	Stomach Capacity - How much food it can fit in its stomach, if it eats more than it can hold, it goes over in fat.
	Fat - Start with none. higher fat = decreased speed by amount of fat. higher fat = increased stomach capacity by amount of fat. if wouldve starved to death, can process fat into food.
	Gender - Chosen randomly of three values, male, female, and genderless. Males and females can mate. Genderless can only mate with eachother.

Reproduction:
	If a blob's hunger, thirst and resat are above a certain level (higher than the minimum to be idle), they are suitable for mating.
	If a male and female blob, or two genderless blobs suitable for mating and within eachothers' range of sights, they will go to eachother, and reproduce.
	The child's stats will be the average of the parents' with some modifiers as mutation. Gender is male or female if the parents have genders, and genderless if the parents don't.

State Priority:
	Hungry
	Thirsty
	Tired
	Suitable For Mating
	Idle

Alpha Plans:
	Alpha 1.3:
		Fixed current blobs being inaccurate - CHECK
		Highest generation corner stat - CHECK
		Time since start corner stat - CHECK
		Debug style stats - CHECK
		Aging - CHECK
		Only blobs withing 20 second age range of eachother can reproduce - CHECK
		Blobs young enough and old enough cant reproduce - CHECK
		Wind
		Blob weight (to be blown by wind)
		Plant Photosynthesis
		Plant Reproduction
		Plant Evolution
		Land Plants (grass, propagates by wind)
		Water Plants (algae)
		Rhizomes (also need water)
		
	
	Bugs to Fix:
		Stats dont update every other time when switching between blobs
		Extended stats de-select after a little while and dont like coming back
	
	Later stuff:
		Poop
		Poop from animals makes fertile land
		Corpse aging makes fertile land
		If seed lands on fertile or rise pops up, it grows faster and bigger
		Water depth: shallow, medium, deep (medium slows down, deep must go around)
		Customized parameters in the bottom corner
		Omnivore/Scavenger Species (eats anything)
		Predator Species
		Animal pregnancy (recourse drain is doubled and can’t reproduce again at the time)
		Certain species larger, slower, last longer, less babies, gestation longer
		Carnivores move faster, are smaller, and have multiple babies per pregnancy
		Spots and patterns, hair on blobs
		Fungus grows on animals
		Parasites (like ticks and lice)
